Content Trust more-info (#17061)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/more-info/unhealthy/untrusted.markdown

> ---
> title: "System detect untrusted content"
> description: "More information on why untrusted content makes an installation as unhealthy."
> ---
> 
> ## The issue
> 
> We detect untrusted code. It look like someone/something try to inject not signed images or code. Don't worry, we block this action and nothing was apply.
> 
> ## The solution
> 
> Please make sure your Network is not affected by an Hacker and try it again. For reset this status, you need restart the Supervisor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: "System detected untrusted content"
description: "More information on why untrusted content marks an installation as unhealthy."
---

## The issue

Home Assistant detected untrusted code. It looks like someone/something tried to inject not signed images or code into your Home Assistant system. But don't worry, we blocked this action and nothing was applied.

## The solution

Please make sure your network is not affected by an intruder and try it again. To reset this status, you need to restart the Supervisor.
```
